feat: add firewall rules configuration step to windows installation (#95)
beclab/docs: docs/manual/get-started/install-olares-windows.md

   ```
  
   :::warning Administrator privileges required 
   Running PowerShell without administrator privileges will cause the installation to fail. See [How to make sure I am using PowerShell as administrator](#how-to-make-sure-i-am-using-powershell-as-administrator).
   :::

3. When prompted with security warning, type `R` and press **Enter** to run the script once. The installation process for Olares will start.

   ```powershell
   Security warning

>    Run only scripts that you trust. While scripts from the internet can be useful, this script can potentially harm your computer. If you trust this script, use the Unblock-File mdlet to allow the script to run without this warning message. Do you want to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Run only scripts that you trust. While scripts from the internet can be useful, they can potentially harm your computer. If you trust this script, use the Unblock-File cmdlet to allow the script to run without this warning message. Do you want to run
```

   publicInstall.latest.ps1?
   [D] Do not run [R] Run once [S] Suspend [?] Help (default is "D"):
   ```

4. When prompted with the firewall rules setup, type `yes` to automatically configure them, or type `no` to skip this step. <br>
   If you choose to skip, either [disable Windows Firewall Defender](#how-to-disable-windows-defender-firewall), or [manually add TCP inbound rules](#how-to-manually-set-firewall-rules).

   ```powershell

>    Accessing Olares requires setting up firewall rules, specifically adding TCP inbound rules for ports 80, 443, and 30180.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To access Olares, you need to configure the firewall rules to allow TCP inbound traffic on ports 80, 443, and 30180.
```

   ```
  
   :::warning Administrator privileges required 
   Running PowerShell without administrator privileges will cause the installation to fail. See [How to make sure I am using PowerShell as administrator](#how-to-make-sure-i-am-using-powershell-as-administrator).
   :::

3. When prompted with security warning, type `R` and press **Enter** to run the script once. The installation process for Olares will start.

   ```powershell
   Security warning

>    Run only scripts that you trust. While scripts from the internet can be useful, they can potentially harm your computer. If you trust this script, use the Unblock-File cmdlet to allow the script to run without this warning message. Do you want to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Run only scripts that you trust. While scripts from the internet can be useful, this script can potentially harm your computer. If you trust this script, use the Unblock-File cmdlet to allow the script to run without this warning message. Do you want to run
```
